
Parse::Yapp - Parse::Yapp  Yet Another Perl Parser compiler

Compiles yacc-like LALR grammars to generate Perl OO parser modules.

COPYRIGHT

(c) 1998-99 Francois Desarmenien, all rights reserved.
(see the Copyright section in Yapp.pm for usage and distribution rights)

IMPORTANT NOTES

This is production release version 1.0 of Parse::Yapp.

As those last month I've had little time to invest in its development
and it seems pretty stable now, having been in BETA for more than six
monthes without any bug reports, I decided to pass it in 'production'
status.

While I'll will maintain and improve it through your comments and bug
reports, further developments will go in another version numbering
scheme I haven't choosed yet (probably "a la linux", with even sub-numbers
beeing production. Advises are, of course, very welcome).

Note that with future versions, the interface *may* change and be
incompatible with previous version, although I'll try hard not to break
backward compatibility, I'll always choose efficiency as a first
criteria.

The Parse::Yapp pod section is the main documentation and it assumes
you already have a good knowledge of yacc. If not, I suggest the GNU
Bison manual which is a very good tutorial to LALR parsing and yacc's
grammar syntax.

The yapp frontend has now its own documentation using either
'perldoc yapp' or (on systems with man pages) 'man yapp'.

The documentation is (still) only a draft and should be rewritten (I think).
Any help on this issue would be very welcome.

DESCRIPTION

This is production release 1.0 of the Parse::Yapp parser generator.

It lets you create Perl OO fully reentrant LALR(1) parser
modules (see the Yapp.pm pod pages for more details) and has
been designed to be functionnaly as close as possible to yacc,
but using the full power of Perl and opened for enhancements.

REQUIREMENTS

Requires perl5.004 or better :)

It is written only in Perl, with standard distribution modules,
so you don't need any compiler nor special modules.

INSTALLATION

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install

WARRANTY

This software comes with absolutly NO WARRANTY of any kind. 
I just hope it can be useful.


FEEDBACK

Send feedback, comments and bug reports to:

Francois Desarmenien
desar@club-internet.fr
